===========================
Results and Performance Analysis
===========================

This section presents the performance of our final, optimized pipeline. To provide a clear and detailed analysis, we will first focus on a specific case study: the **Vertical Linear Rail**.

The methodology described previously was applied systematically to each major component of the industrial cell (all three robots, conveyors, etc.). While each component yielded its own optimized model, the overall conclusions remained consistent. The case of the linear rail serves as a representative example of the system's performance.

Case Study: Anomaly Detection on the Vertical Linear Rail
-----------------------------------------------------------

.. note::
   This analysis uses the final pipeline: the **LSTM-based Signature Extractor** followed by the **Optuna-optimized CNN-BiLSTM Processor Model**.

**Qualitative Analysis: Reconstruction & Prediction**

The primary evaluation of our model involves a visual inspection of its ability to reconstruct the system's behavior. The following plots compare the original time-series signal with the outputs of our two pipelines: the reconstruction of the current state and the prediction of the state one step into the future.

*(Insérez ici votre graphique principal de comparaison avec le zoom, comme nous l'avons conçu précédemment)*

As observed, the model demonstrates high fidelity in both tasks. The reconstructed signal (in red) closely follows the original signal, indicating a very low reconstruction error for normal data. The predicted signal (in blue), while slightly less precise, successfully captures the dynamic trends of the system, proving the model's understanding of its behavior.

**Quantitative Analysis: Performance Metrics**

To quantify this performance, we calculated the Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE) and Mean Absolute Error (MAE) for both tasks on the test dataset.

================================================================================
📊 RAPPORT DE PERFORMANCE QUANTITATIF (sur données dénormalisées)
================================================================================
Feature              | Tâche              | MAE             | RMSE        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
rail_position        | Reconstruction     | 10.0771         | 15.5968     
                     | Prédiction (t+1)   | 13.7775         | 25.2882     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
rail_speed           | Reconstruction     | 73.3913         | 132.0795    
                     | Prédiction (t+1)   | 87.5624         | 164.0219    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
rail_acceleration    | Reconstruction     | 745.5022        | 1271.2927   
                     | Prédiction (t+1)   | 814.0240        | 1365.6223   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Benchmarking against Classical Methods**

Finally, to validate our approach, we compared the anomaly scores generated by our deep learning model against those from Isolation Forest and One-Class SVM.

*(Insérez ici le Violin Plot de comparaison, comme nous l'avons conçu précédemment)*

The score distribution clearly shows that our **CNN-BiLSTM AE** provides the sharpest and most reliable separation between normal and anomalous behavior, confirming the superiority of our signature-based, deep learning approach.

Summary of Models for the Entire Industrial Cell
--------------------------------------------------

Following the same rigorous methodology of experimentation and optimization for each component of the robotic cell, we have derived a specialized model for each one. The table below summarizes the final selected architectures.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 35 35
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Industrial Component
     - Selected Signature Extractor
     - Selected Processor Model
   * - **Robot 1 (Depalletizer)**
     - LSTM AE (Bottleneck: 8)
     - CNN-BiLSTM AE (Optimized)
   * - **Robot 2 (Filler)**
     - LSTM AE (Bottleneck: 8)
     - CNN-BiLSTM AE (Optimized)
   * - **Robot 3 (Palletizer Rail)**
     - LSTM AE (Bottleneck: 8)
     - CNN-BiLSTM AE (Optimized)
   * - **Conveyor_Box**
     - CAE (Bottleneck: 16)
     - Dense AE (Optimized)
   * - **Conveyor_Bottle**
     - CAE (Bottleneck: 16)
     - Dense AE (Optimized)

This modular, custom-tailored approach ensures maximum performance for each component while leveraging a consistent, robust, and scalable end-to-end pipeline.